The Elder of the Martial God Altar, Qi Shi, arrives
Hurry up please
As expected of the Valkyrie
It's just that archangels can have such a powerful charm
Lian Xiao's family is so respectful
This person's identity is doomed to be unpopular
Xiao Family Sect Master Xiao Meng
Wait for the Xiao family to meet the ambassador of Changqi
Sect Master Xiao is invincible and rude
Hahahaha, yes.
Dare to ask the 52 lords of the Five Emperors when they will marry you?
The 52 adults of the Five Emperors are dealing with some trivial matters
Difficult later
I'm here this time
It is to fight for the two adults first
Oops hahahaha
Today's Five Shentai
You can come to our Xiao family to compete and recruit relatives
It's the nature of heaven
Poor care of the mouth
Please also bear the burden, sir.
Hahaha, that's true.
The five emperors and five feet two adults are here in person
It is the surname of martial arts
Next week's surname
It's your Xiao family's surname, hahahaha.
The two adults specially gave it to you.
There will be a very special guest present today
Never fill it up, distinguished guest
Ah, that must be the Jiang family next week
Back then, the head of the Jiang family studied at Wuchengtai
Xuezheng came out of the mountain
Founded Swordgate next week
That's the name of the city.
Not bad, the family is not from the heart, and it is indeed learned at the Wu Shentai
Get him this lipstick locked early
The distinguished guest is my home
Well, just rely on your Jiang family's ability
Fingering can't afford this expensive word
I can't afford it.
Can you afford it as a blind trash?
That's right, this guest is me